(sinister music)
(growling)
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
(referee whistles)
(crowd cheering) (scoreboard ticks)
Time out! Time out! Ref!
Ref. time out!
(referee whistles)
- MASON: Dean!
- (Dean shouting)
Alright. look alive.
Hustle up. alright. alright.
You have 44 seconds remaining!
That's it. That's all you got.
So forget the cheering.
the crowd. the recruiters.
None of that exists.
Dean. find the ball and find Horse.
You got it. boss.
COACH: Horse. find the basket.
Alright. let's go. Steel Wolves howl!
Let's go. let's go. let's go!
One. two. three!
Woo! (Crowd cheering)
(referee whistles) COACH: Move. move!
- Yo. yo! Get it to Mason!
- DEAN: Ball. ball. ball!
COACH: Horse is open!
Yeah. yeah. Cut. cut. cut! Horse!
(Horse grunts)
(crowd cheering)
(fast-paced music)
Let's go! Yeah!
- Let's go. baby!
- Whoo!
- Yeah. you've got this. Mason!
- HORSE: Whoo!
Yeah! You've got this. Mason!
(sinister music)
(whispering) Mason...
(muffled) Move! Horse!
COACH: Go! Go!
- I see him! Ah!
- PLAYER: Lay it up!
Here. here! Horse!
Ugh!
Shoot! Shoot! (Timer ticks)
COACH: Make your shot!
Yes! Yes!
(timer ticks)
COACH: Do it!
(music fades)
(eerie whispering)
(foreboding music)
(whispering) Mason...
(thudding echoes)
(foreboding music intensifies)
(eerie screaming)
(crowd cheering)
- Yeah!
Yes!
Yeah!
(cheering continues)
(chanting) Steel Wolves. Steel Wolves!
Hey! Where the hell is Horse?
(gasping)
(locker thuds. rattling)
(gasps)
(ominous music)
(panicked breathing)
(lock thuds)
(whispering) Mason!
(urn rattles)
(footsteps thudding)
(hissing)
Please! Please. please! Not yet! Okay?
(footsteps approaching)
Look! Look!
Look!
(urn shatters)
See?
See? It's gone! Alright?
Leave me alone!
(panting)
(door creaks. thuds)
(door bangs) Woo!
There he is! (Players cheering)
DEAN: The clutch king!
(players cheering) Yeah. yeah.
PLAYER: Let's go. let's go.
let's go. there he is!
We thought we lost you out there. hey?
That was a beautiful shot!
- You know that?
- Yeah.
(players continue celebrating)
(sighs)
(chuckling)
Horse? Come on. man.
You've been in there forever!
You sure you're alone in there. pal?
- What's going on?
- Yeah!
It's just me and your mom...
(footsteps approaching. sizzling in water)
(sinister music)
Aaaaargh! (Hissing. growling)
(Horse choking)
Aaaargh!
(screaming continues)
Horse! No!
DEAN: Hey. hey! Somebody. help!
Somebody. help!
DEAN: (echoing) Horse!
(high-pitched whistling)
(eerie echoes)
("Back To the Wall" by Divinyls)
♪ We are living in desperate times ♪
♪ These are desperate times my dear ♪
♪ There's no way out of here ♪
(grinder humming)
? There's no way out. I fear?
(smoke hissing)
♪ I've been holding back all my tears ♪
♪ Just so the pressure don't show ♪
♪ Like a time bomb ticking away ♪
♪ I might blow up some day ♪
♪ Don't push. don't shove ♪
♪ You'd better watch what you do ♪
♪ When my back's to the wall ♪
♪ I might do anything at all ♪
(music continues in the background)
(dog barking)
(birds tweeting)
(sirens echo)
(music distorts)
(echoing chatter
from emergency services)
(knocking. loud bang)
Rise and shine!
- CHRYS: Jesus. Rei!
- Whoa!
What's the point of knocking
if you're just gonna come in anyways?
Good to see you settled in. cuz.
You know? Like. uh. making
the space your own.
I mean. seriously. Chrys.
if you need any help
unpacking the rest.
I've been a lean. mean drilling machine
ever since I've started working
weekends at the steel mill.
So. I'm always happy to help out.
Oh... vinyls?
Nice.
(chuckling) Last time I saw you.
it was chart music.
We were 11 years old. Rei.
When did you get into
all this geriatric stuff?
It doesn't get old. Good music.
Oh!
(music stops)
It's only bad music that ages.
(mockingly) Well. let me know
when you want
your pipe and slippers by the fire.
You know and your false teeth
by the bedside. Oh!
(thuds) Oh...
Smelly socks. Smelly socks. (Sniffs)
Anyway. we don't want to be late
on your first day.
New school. new start. all that
good stuff.
(slurps)
Okay. I'll go bring the car around.
(footsteps receding)
("Ballad of a homeschooled girl"
by Olivia Rodrigo)
REL: Alright. Let's go.
We've got to hustle
if we don't want to be late.
Oh. shit.
I almost forgot The Revenger.
It might be a little different
to your last school
back in Chicago. but. uh...
Welcome to Pellington High!
(trumpet plays)
Uh. look. Chrys. I know you're
my cousin and everything. but
please don't feel like
you have to hang out with me
or my fellow nerds.
And... there's Grace.
She hangs out with the populars. now.
(giggling)
♪ I broke a glass. tripped and fell ♪
♪ Told secrets I shouldn't tell ♪
I'm not looking for a crowd. Rei.
- Alright.
- You're in my locker.
Move.
Alright. Hm.
♪ I'm alive ♪
♪ It's social suicide ♪
- Why does it say. 'Horse'?
- Huh?
Oh. it's the nickname
for. uh. Mason Raymore.
He's a kid-who died...
(locker slams)
You can't use this.
They assigned me this locker.
This school's got no respect
for the dead. bro.
Pellington's been around
a long time. guys.
All of these lockers belong
to dead people.
Hey. Grace. your hair looks
really nice today.
Thanks. Rei.
- Hey. who's your. uh. friend?
- Who?
Oh. er. no. Um. this. uh.
this is my cousin.
Wait. wait. wait.
You're the new girl?
I heard that she just
got out of junkie rehab
after she
killed her dad?
- Or something like that.
- Okay. cut it out. Dean.
No. no. this is ridiculous.
I mean. this school has gone to hell.
Maybe she was high
when she killed him. too.
ELLIE: Shut up. Tanner.
TANNER: What?
Well. you should stop talking
because you don't know shit.
Well. is it true? Are you a junkie?
I mean... you sure look like one
with the Goodwill jacket...
(thud) Aargh! Aaargh...
That's what's up! That's my cousin. y'all!
TANNER: Hey. shut up freak.
Hey! That's enough!
Enough!
(Dean groans)
You four. fighting in the halls.
Detention. After school.
(Dean groans) (Grace sighs)
This psychopath just viciously
attacked me. Mr. Craven.
Let's start with detention. alright?
And then we can discuss
a suspension later.
- Um. Mr. Craven?
- Yes?
I saw what happened.
She didn't do anything.
No. no. no. She kneed a boy
in his genital bag. Miss Gains.
This is indeed something.
- No. I...
- Shh-shh.
And for forcing your
unsought opinion upon me
you can join us in detention as well.
Okay? Good.
See you all later.
REL: See you there.
Well. there goes our pool date.
babe. Nice work.
You think they're still good
for making babies?
- Gross.
- Babe. I'm serious.
REL: That was awesome.
(school bell rings)
Uh. look... you're gonna
be okay. right? Yeah? Yeah?
Okay. Have a good day!
Hey. I'm sorry about what they said.
Oh. don't be. I mean. they're
not wrong about any of it.
(clattering)
Um... oh. Oh. my God. I'll help you.
I don't. I don't need your help.
(items clunking)
Okay.
(door closes)
(sighs)
(eerie whispering)
(sinister music)
(wood cracks)
(eerie whispering continues)
(whispering swells)
(whispering) Chrysanthemum...
(school bell ringing)
(suspenseful music)
MR. CRAVEN:
Come on. We've only got an hour.
Let's not waste it.
(footsteps approaching) Ah!
Nice of you to join us.
Chrysanthemum.
Chrysanthemum?
Fuck.
It's Chrys. actually.
Ooh!
(thudding)
REL: (whispering) Whoa. What is that?
- Is that a pipe?
- No.
- Uh. Mr. Craven?
- Yes. Dean.
Question. Are we allowed. like.
drug paraphernalia in school?
You know. especially when someone
identifies as. like. a junkie?
It's not a pipe.
Hey. bring it to me.
I found it in my locker.
Oh. wow.
Do you think it's worth anything?
Dunno.
Looks like a musical instrument.
doesn't it?
(mysterious music)
Some kind of whistle or a kazoo.
I mean. this is certainly
early Mayan. but the rest
I mean... dunno.
Could be Olmec.
Can you translate any of it?
MR. CRAVEN: I don't know. Let's...
Let's have a look.
(smacks lips) Right...
It's been a long time since grad school.
Oh. look. there's a word here.
That would be pronounced k'aaba.
uh. which means to. to talk.
or it can also mean to. to. to call out to.
There's another word on this side.
That might be Pixan?
Do you spell that P-I-C?
Uh. no. P... It looks like
seems to be P-I-X-A-N.
Why? What are you doing?
(keyboard taps)
Summon the dead.
MR. CRAVEN: Wow. Hm.
You don't even need
a degree anymore. You just
(makes comical sound) and... that's it.
Look. I shouldn't have even...
Ah. I think I should
probably look after this.
It. uh. could actually. uh
have huge historical value. and.
and you did say you took it out
of a school property locker.
It doesn't belong to you.
Good. Alright. Look. I think
that's probably a good place
to end detention for today.
- Ah! Thank you. Mr. Craven.
- Yup. Yup. Whoo!
- Great idea.
- But instead.
I would like you to write
a five-page essay
on the role of preprepared sacrifice
- in ancient Mesoamerican.
- Seriously?
- Do six. six pages.
- DEAN: No. no.
It's fine. it's fine. We're going.
- GRACE: Yeah.
- We're out.
(keys jangling)
Hey. Um. we're all meeting at Grace's
to watch her compose a six-page
haiku on blood sacrifices.
- So. I'll see you guys at 7:00?
- You mean we're all invited now?
Yeah. Baby Dean. We're all invited.
Even you. It's called being
welcoming and not an asshole.
(keys jangling) Alright. I'll drive.
I want to make it home in one piece.
I'll see you guys there.
Got a crush on Grace. huh?
Yeah. (Scoffs)
One day. I'll take my shot.
(background classical music)
(mouse clicks)
Whoa...
(ominous music)
(eerie whispering)
(sighs)
(whispering swells)
(whispering) Craven...
(glass shatters)
Hey. Um. listen. about this morning...
They had no right
to talk about what happened
to your dad like that.
I mean. it's fine.
It wasn't your fault. You know?
I really don't want to talk about it.
Yeah. Yeah. yeah. okay.
So... how was your first day
at Pellington High?
Um... Ellie seems nice.
Oh. my God.
I mean. she's nothing special. but like...
Revenger.
Oh. okay.
(panicked breathing)
(background classical music)
Ah...
Ah. good.
(door creaks)
(chuckles)
Hm.
REL: Ah...
Ah.
Hm.
(Rei clicks his tongue)
That's
more than a kazoo.
Huh.
(distant sirens)
RADIO: We've got a major
traffic collision.
Bodies. one male fatality...
Are you okay?
I didn't mean to surprise you.
You just started here?
That obvious. huh?
A little bit.
Noah... Haggerty.
I'm the youth pastor down at St. Marks.
You worship?
I'm not really into religion.
Ah. Me neither.
I am into God. though.
You should come by
my church sometime.
Get to know a few people.
They're good people.
Real people loving Jesus. right?
(lighter clicks)
But also. you know...
Down for a good time.
(ominous music)
Being new in town.
you might not know where to go
- if you need something.
- I don't.
Sure. sure. I-I get it.
You're clean.
But if you ever want
to get a little dirty...
Look. how about a welcome-to-town gift?
(footsteps approaching)
Hey. get the fuck away from her.
(fighting sounds) CHRYS: Hey!
- Stop!
- Uh!
(knife blade clinks)
(menacing music)
God has a job for everyone.
I'm just trying to help those in need.
Okay?
Okay. (Blade clinks)
So. no harm. no foul.
(Rei gasping)
I'm always here if you need me.
Ah.
Are you okay?
I'm fine.
(door slams)
(Rei sighs)
(Rei sniffs) Hey. so that preacher...
He's a sound character. huh?
(scoffs)
Funny thing is.
parents send their kids to his church.
think he's a role model.
He's not just a creep. though.
He sells drugs to the kids.
And a year ago. one of them OD'd.
One day. he's gonna get what's his.
Let's get outta here.
(engine stutters)
(ominous music)
(tires screeching)
(background classical music)
Aah.
Hm.
(urn clunks)
Hm...?
Ugh... (clunk)
Aah!
Fuck...
Whoa!
(splash)
- What's up?
- Hey...
Have you guys got
our essay finished yet?
What happened to your face?
What? Oh. it was a run in
with Noah Haggerty.
It was nothing. Anyway...
Look what I got.
(eerie music)
Ta-da!
(polisher whirring)
(laptop slams) Fuck.
(eerie clunking from hallway)
Charlie?
(clunking from hallway continues)
(door creaking)
Charlie?
(ominous music)
(haunting growling)
(sinister beat)
(growling. wheezing)
(eerie whispering)
I'm afraid the school is closed. sir.
You-you're trespassing.
I've called security al-already. so
you'd better be on your way.
(growling. snarling)
(eerie whispering swells)
- Mr. Craven?
- Fucking hell!
- Are you okay?
- Oh. my God.
I called your name. but...
Do you need to sit down
for a minute. catch your breath?
No. no. no. I'm fine.
I just think I've been
just working a bit too much recently.
Good.
(polisher whirring)
Oh. Mr. Craven?
Your secret's safe with me.
What's that?
(chuckles)
(sinister music swells)
("Omen" by The Prodigy)
DEAN: I want to summon my grandpa.
GRACE: But your grandpa's not dead.
DEAN: But he's like really old.
- And he makes this like...
- Timmy. go to your room!
(giggling) He's such a little freak.
(Rei laughing)
Yo. Chrys.
You know it's... really kind of beautiful.
If working in the ER
has taught me anything
it's that death is never beautiful.
DEAN: I am not going to die.
REL: (mockingly) Oh.
why didn't I think of that?
(door shuts and locks)
(Mr. Craven wheezing)
(wheezing intensifies)
(eerie screaming)
(squelching) Argh!
(growling)
Aarrrrgh!
(polisher whirring)
(gurgling. choking)
(demonic growling)
(whispering) Craven...
(dramatic music)
(gasping)
(heavy thud) Okay. boys and girls...
("Omen" by The Prodigy)
Let's think about the dearly departed.
Go for it. babe. I dare you.
I think I'm gonna pass on the whole
ghost-summoning death whistle.
- Bye. Chrysanthemum.
- Bye.
- GRACE: Bye.
- Hey...
- You don't have to leave.
- Oh. I... I have to unpack.
DEAN: Come on. babe. I mean.
what's the worst that can happen?
(bottle whistles gently)
(electronic music thudding)
(Dean chuckles quietly)
(eerie whispering)
It's okay. I should just go.
(high-pitched screaming)
(Grace gasps)
(ghostly silence) (flame whooshing)
That was. uh
intense.
(bottle clinks) Now what?
Wait. Wait. wait.
Listen. you guys hear that?
(silence)
I think I heard something coming.
(wind gusting)
(owl hooting)
(Dean farts. water gurgling)
- Oh. what? Oh.
- GRACE: Dean!
Oh. asshole! (Dean laughing)
- Oh. my God!
- You're so gross!
Okay. on that note. I'm out.
It's not funny!
Look. I told you it
was all bullshit. alright?
(gate clanking)
ELLIE: Hey...
Sorry if it was weird tonight.
Uh. you should come tomorrow.
It's the annual
Pellington Harvest Festival.
Caramel apples. pumpkin carving.
spooky hay bale maze.
It's fun.
And we always go.
And it's probably the last year
we'll all be together
before we go off to lead our
incredibly serious adult lives.
(romantic music)
Sounds cute.
- Yeah...
- I'd just
like it if you came.
(footsteps approaching)
(gate clanks)
Yo. Ellie. you left your. uh...
Thanks.
Diabetic.
For my sins.
I'm late for my shift. but. um. uh.
text me about the Harvest Fest.
- Rei has my number.
- Okay.
(footsteps receding)
(car door opens. shuts)
(engine starts)
(engine humming)
Rei...
Is she straight?
I don't know.
Never been super apparent.
But. uh
something tells me we're gonna find out.
("Dark and Lonely Night" by TigerArmy)
♪ In the dark and lonely night ♪
♪ I gave my heart to you ♪
♪ Now I'm dreaming of a love
known only by we two ♪
(keypad tapping)
♪ You didn't want my heart to keep ♪
♪ now our love's drifted away ♪
♪ And in shadows of the night ♪
♪ My heart it will remain ♪
Nope.
♪ In the night is where we met and ♪
♪ in the night is where we parted ♪
♪ In the night is where we'll meet again ♪
♪ If only in my dreams ♪
♪ But the night is on my side ♪
(music fades ominously)
(shallow breathing)
(eerie whispering)
- I got us a hot chocolate!
- (gasps)
Knock! Please!
Whoa. sorry.
- There's someone watching.
- Here. it's hot. Careful.
(clicks tongue)
I thought I saw someone in the tree.
I don't... see anyone.
Probably your eyes playing tricks on you.
(phone pings)
Oh. God.
Oh. God! Oh. no.
- Ooh. What?
- I accidentally texted Ellie.
- Oh. sh...
- I got to leave town.
- I gotta go.
- Yeah. that. that is...
- Er... yeah. that's bad.
- Yeah. you think?
What do I say?
- Uh. uh...
- What do I say?
Um. pretend someone stole your phone.
Yeah. and emotionally sexted a girl
that I met less than 24 hours ago?
- Yeah.
- Yeah. That works.
- Hmm. yeah. sure.
Typing... oh. yeah.
sh-she's texting back. Um...
Question mark?
Why question mark? What do I say?
Hey. hey. hey. Hey. be casual. okay?
Just chill. Okay?
Whatever you do
don't act desperate.
Okay.
Hm.
If you're lucky.
What? What? No!
Casual. Not Kardashian.
(keypad tapping)
- See you then.
- See you then?
(message pings) Boom.
Looks like someone's
going to the Harvest Festival.
Hm?
♪ In the night is where we'll meet again ♪
- ♪ If only in my dreams?
- What am I doing ♪
♪ If only in my dreams ♪
You. my friend. should not be driving.
Me. my friend. am focused.
motherfucker. (Laughs)
I mean. we made it home. didn't we?
Watch this. watch this. He shoots...
(can rattling)
He does not score!
Story of your life. LeBron.
(Dean laughs) Fuck you. bro.
- I'll see you at school?
- Yeah.
- LeBron?
- Kiss my ass. bitch.
- I'll kiss your mom's.
- Steel Wolves howl! What?
- Huh?
- BOTH: Whoo!
(crickets chirping)
(rustling. twig breaks)
(Grace gasps)
(dog barking)
(whispering) Gracie...
Timmy. I hear you!
(distant groaning)
Timmy. knock it off!
(splashing)
(sighs)
(cackling)
Hello?
(door creaks)
(heavy footsteps)
(eerie swooshing)
Timmy?
(grunting)
(Grace gasping)
(whispering) Gracie!
Dean?
Is that you?
This isn't funny!
(cackling)
(creaking)
(muffled scream)
Timmy!
(gasping)
Mom says you should come in now.
or you'll turn into a prune.
(footsteps receding)
(mysterious music)
REL: Where is everybody?
Come on. let's go.
We will have grief counsellors available
if any student needs someone to talk to.
This is hard on all of us.
Mr. Craven was a dedicated member
of the Pellington faculty...
What's going on?
Mr. Craven died last night.
What? How?
Turns out he had stage four lung cancer.
Dr Wells said it's amazing he
was even on his feet yesterday.
I guess we won't have to write
that paper anymore.
But he will be missed.
I'm sure Mr. Craven would
want you to know
how much he loved teaching here.
and how grateful he was
to give so many years
of his life to this school.
Both Mr. Craven and Mason Raymore...
(eerie wind gusting)
(bones cracking)
(sinister music)
(Ellie gasps)
(choking. gasping)
(whispering) Ellie!
Chrys... (Ellie gasps)
Forgot this last night.
- It's not mine.
- I don't want it.
It gives me the creeps.
(gasping)
I say you throw that voodoo shit out.
- It's bad news.
- I know this
pawnshop on the East Side.
actually. We could...
Or we could just return it
to Mason's family.
Yeah. Yeah. I agree. Um...
Yeah. That. that was
my next suggestion too.
I can-I can drive if you want.
(suspenseful music)
Do you design them yourself?
Why do you hide them?
They're beautiful.
Um. I don't know.
I guess they're personal.
I always wanted to get a tattoo.
My mom would never let me.
How do you know
what you wanna design?
I guess you just find something you love
and you let it scar you for life.
- That easy. huh?
- Mm. easy.
ELLIE: Look at this place.
(car door shuts)
(crow cawing)
(door creaks)
(mysterious jazz music)
Hello?
The door was open.
(distant thud)
(thudding echoes)
We have something
that belonged to Mason.
IVY: I was born in this house.
(gasps)
(floorboards creaking)
I hoped to die here too.
But the bank says
it's not even mine anymore.
I'm sorry. we were just...
Maybe I'll get lucky and drop dead today.
Memento Mori. (Bird chirping)
Reminders of mortality.
It's all got to go.
I travelled the world collecting them.
Every culture. every faith
and philosophy have their own.
Some wrestling with death.
Others dancing with it.
Is this a part of your collection?
I found it in Mason Raymore's locker.
(suspenseful music)
You didn't find it.
It found you.
Like it found my grandson.
Like it found me.
Half a lifetime ago.
a back-alley market in Guatemala.
It took my grandson. my daughter...
And it will take more.
What is it?
In Choka.
(eerie whispering)
The cry.
A stolen treasure
from a plundered people.
We were told the markings
said. "Summon the dead"?
Hm.
No.
Not quite.
The markings read...
"Summon your death."
The day you are born.
so is your death.
From that day on.
she is searching for you.
If you're fated to die at 90.
it will take her 90 years to find you.
Fated to die at 30. only 30.
But if you hear the whistle
scream. it changes all that.
A call from In Choka guides your death.
so she finds you earlier.
CHRYS: What does it look like?
Death?
Like you. of course.
You will become what you would
have been in your last breath.
(clock ticking)
Keep this.
It was never mine to take.
What if I don't wanna die?
Then you shouldn't have been born.
(sinister beat)
I mean. you saw her.
She's on a lot of meds.
And she just lost her family.
That'll rattle anyone.
And speaking as future Dr. Gains.
there's no medical science
behind what she's saying.
Oh. yeah. No.
I know.
It was bullshit.
Mostly.
But do you think that Mr. Craven
used it like Mason?
(ominous music)
Maybe.
Their files will be
at the hospital I work at.
We'll find something there.
(car engine revving)
(siren wailing)
(door creaks)
(door shuts)
ELLIE: When you mentioned Mason.
it gave me an idea.
Well... there's something about his death
that just never added up.
He caught on fire in a shower cubicle.
and they blamed it on a gas leak.
(cabinet slams shut)
There. Raymore.
(cabinet clunks closed)
They had to use his dental
records to confirm his identity.
Oh. God.
He was so badly burned.
DOCTOR: I just need to check
a patient's records.
Shit!
(gasping)
Shh!
(door closes) Shit!
(suspenseful music)
(paper rustling)
CHRYS: Bone structure
suggests late 40s...
Ellie...
How old was Mason when he died?
(heavy breathing)
Ellie... what's his age?
Uh. 17.
Why?
Because the coroner's report
says late 40s.
You will become what you would
have been in your last breath.
So. Mason would have died
when he was older?
- From the gas leak?
- Yeah.
Mr. Craven. that cancer would
have killed him eventually.
I'd give him another 10 to 15 years.
Yeah. But not last night. (Phone ringing)
This is Dr. Andrews.
Someone's been in the records.
really messed with the files.
- Ellie...
- Check the system
to see who was in here.
and call me back.
We all heard that whistle.
Thanks.
(phone clunks. footsteps)
- We need to warn the others.
- They'll be at Harvest Fest.
Hello?
(door creaking)
(upbeat music fades in)
(sighs)
(flame roaring)
(fireworks popping)
(screams)
(howling)
- Hey.
- Hey. What can I get you?
- Just a dab.
- One of these?
Yes. please. thank you.
- God bless.
- Bye.
REL: Come on. Grace. Yo...
You don't need that shit.
It's only weed. It's natural.
How about instead of playing
grope-the-dope.
we head over to the game booth?
I'll win you a teddy bear.
I'm a dead shot. you know?
(Rei mocks a shotgun noise)
You always have been. Rei.
So. give me a shot.
We can leave this place in the rear view.
(chuckles)
Like. shazam.
Gone.
("Time After Time" by Gunship)
You're a... sweet guy. Rei.
And a good person.
Really good.
Someday you're gonna make
someone better than me so happy.
(fireworks popping)
♪ Then you say go slow ♪
♪ I fall behind ♪
DEAN: Grace! Come to me!
♪ If you're lost. you can look ♪
♪ and you will find me ♪
♪ Time after time ♪
♪ If you fall. I will catch you ♪
♪ I will be waiting ♪
♪ Time after time ♪
I came to suck your blood!
(Grace shrieks)
Eww. yuck. Stop. (Grace giggles)
- You ready to get scared?
- Yes. Here.
But you have to give me
a full two-minute lead. okay?
Because I am getting to that bell.
and I'm ringing it
with everything I've got. okay?
- Two minutes. You got it.
- Two minutes.
And then I'm gonna
find my hot-ass devil girl.
Hm. Good luck with that.
(Dean chuckles)
You wanna join?
Freaky Batman with no wings?
Maybe I'll. uh
let you watch. (Croaks)
REL: Ha. ha. ha. no. no.
It's The Revenger!
And Batman doesn't have wings!
Jarhead-bro-motherfuckers.
(festival goers screaming)
(suspenseful music)
(flames roaring)
(fireworks popping)
(Grace laughing)
(bell ringing)
Rei's still not picking up.
ELLIE: We have to find him.
(door shuts)
There she is.
All your friends are getting
juiced in there.
I got some of my own special
sauce if you want...
ELLIE: Hey...
Hello. What are you supposed to be?
A dyke?
- Uh!
- Ah!
- Ah...
- Holy shit.
I learned that from you.
Hey. you bitches!
I wasn't gonna hurt nobody.
(knife blade clinks) Uh...
- Uh!
- Ah!
- Uh! Uh...
- Yeah?
(dramatic music)
What about that boy
you killed with your drugs?
You hurt him?
I don't know what you're talking about.
- Uh!
- Aargh!
(Ellie gasps) Argh!
Aargh!
("Witches Of Angelholm"
by Rachel Stamp)
This isn't over!
♪ Hey little girl ♪
♪ I long for the taste of your lips ♪
Aaargh! (Knife blade clinks)
(laughter)
♪ I long for the crack of your whip ♪
DEAN: Grace. babe. where are you?
- Aaargh!
- Oh. my...!
- (roaring)
- Oh...
Yo. if one more thing jumps out at me...
You think it's legal to beat
the fuck out of a zombie?
Don't worry. bro. I got your back.
Yaaargh! (Chainsaw revving)
(gasping)
DEAN: Okay. fuck this.
Alright. Grace?
Grace. babe. where are you?
Your two minutes is up!
(Grace giggling)
(sinister music)
(eerie inhale)
(echoing)
(whispering) Gracie!
(sinister beat) (growling)
(screaming)
(gasping)
(whispering) Gracie!
(eerie rattling)
(carnival music)
Rei. where are the others? (Gun shoots)
Rei. where's Grace?
Rei?
I don't know. The maze. I guess?
We have to go find them.
Rei. come on. We've gotta talk to them!
(gun cocks)
(pellet shoots) (target dings)
Hey! Hey! I-I. I did it! I...
Guys. wait... wait up.
(ghostly laughter)
It's for Grace.
Come on.
REL: So. uh...
What's this all about?
(cackling)
(panicked breathing)
IN CHOKA: Gracie!
Please pick up.
Please pick up. Please pick up.
IN CHOKA: Gracie!
(fireworks crackling)
(phone ringing)
- Boo!
- Oh...
(Dean laughing)
Babe. come on.
You gotta give me a clue.
Dean. no. No. listen. listen.
I'm. I'm near the center. and this
I don't know. this fucking
crazy old woman
- is trying to follow me.
- Babe. calm down.
It's a haunted maze.
They're supposed to follow you.
(distant cackling)
Dean. please.
You need to come and find me.
IN CHOKA: Gracie...
She keeps... she keeps saying my name.
but I have no idea who she is.
Please hurry. Please hurry!
I'm lost.
(growling) (Grace gasps)
(growling) (Grace screams)
Uh...
Gracie!
(grunting)
(spade clunks)
Back off. you crazy old bitch!
(snarling)
(screaming)
Uh!
Babe. Babe. what's going on?
(groaning)
(sinister music)
(fireworks crackling)
(muffled gasp)
Uh!
(snarling)
(growling) (bones cracking)
(shrieking)
(Grace screaming)
Grace? Grace?
Hey. Tan. let's go. Come on.
- IN CHOKA: Gracie!
- Help!
(festival goers screaming)
(screams)
(laughter)
Help! (Festival goers screaming)
Dean!
Grace. where are you?
- Let me know where you are.
- Bro. what's the rush?
Grace?
Somebody. help me! Dean!
Please!
Grace!
Help. Dean!
DEAN: Grace. where are you?
I'm coming!
Help!
(screams)
(sinister music fades)
(gasping)
(mysterious music)
Uh...
(sinister music)
(growling. snarling)
(Grace yelping)
IN CHOKA: Gracie!
(shrieking)
(Grace struggling)
Aaaargh!
Help! Help! Help!
(growling. snarling)
Aaargh!
Ah!
GRACE: Help!
Grace!
(echoes) Grace!
(sinister music fades)
(gasping)
(creaking)
Dean!
I'm in the spiral. I'm here!
Aargh!
Aaargh!
(distant cackling)
(heavy footsteps)
(cackling)
Aaargh!
(Grace choking) (sinister music)
(squelching)
Aaaah!
(Grace struggling)
(bell ringing)
DEAN: Grace! Grace!
(panicked breathing)
(fireworks popping distantly)
(ominous music)
(ball bouncing)
DEAN: That wasn't Grace.
I don't know who that was
dressed like that. but that wasn't her.
CHRYS: It was her.
She was supposed to die of old age.
What do you mean "supposed"?
She's 18!
ELLIE: Listen!
Grace is the one who blew the whistle.
But we were all with her at the pool.
Ellie's right.
We were all there.
(solemn music)
We all heard that
sound.
It summoned all of our deaths. And I.
I feel it watching.
I've seen it too.
This morning in assembly.
it was some kind of seizure.
Nah. nah. I'm. I'm out.
Hey. None of us should be
alone right now. Dean!
Look! I don't know what's going on
or where Grace is.
but all this spooky shit
started when she came to town!
Are you kidding me?
You dared her to blow
that fucking whistle.
You pushed her to do it.
It's your fault she's dead!
- Hey!
- Dean! Dean!
- Dean! No!
- Ah!
We get it.
You had a little crush.
But people like you
don't ever stand a chance.
(Rei gasping)
Rei... Rei!
(door slams)
Keep playing Scooby-Doo.
I'm gonna go get smashed
and wait til Grace gets home.
(car engine revving. tires screeching)
(brakes screeching)
(trash can clatters)
Ah...
(can clatters)
(groans)
(light clicks) (whispering) Deeean!
(sinister beat) Ah!
Ah! Aargh! Uh! Uh!
Aargh! Aaargh!
(bulb smashes)
(light clicks)
(gasping)
(knocking)
Dean? Is that you?
It's okay. I. I just-I
just had a nightmare.
Well you woke your mother up.
she's gotta be at the store...
Yeah. just go back to bed.
You better not be drinking
and driving again. son.
It'll be the death of you.
(foreboding music)
(thunder rumbling)
(rain pouring)
CHRYS: How's he doing?
ELLIE: He's heartbroken.
Been in love with Grace
since they were kids. so...
("Joey" by Concrete Blonde plays
in the background)
Um. find anything on In Choka?
Not really. Just some new age
cults and some scams.
(laptop closes)
But we need to find a way to stop it.
Yeah. we should go back
to Miss Raymore tomorrow.
Have you ever seen anyone die?
A few.
In the hospital.
I OD'd about a year ago.
My dad found me. and he drove me
to the hospital and we were...
(distant sirens)
We were half a mile away.
A truck hit us.
I'm so sorry.
Now I've got his... his music. you know?
I
I listen to it.
It makes me feel connected. like
like a bridge. I guess.
He had good taste.
Mm-hm.
(thunder rumbling)
My actions killed my dad and there's
there's nothing I can do about it.
Sometimes I wish it had been me.
But it wasn't.
And you're here.
I just finished telling you
how fucked up I am.
Everyone's fucked up.
You just happen to know it.
And that shit you pulled with Noah...
That was really cool.
Yeah. but you've got your shit
together. you know?
You're. you're smart
and you're funny and.
and I'm just...
You're Chrysanthemum.
♪ But if it's love you're looking for ♪
♪ Then I can give a little more ♪
♪ And if you're somewhere drunk ♪
♪ and passed out on the floor ♪
♪ Oh. Joey. I'm not angry anymore ♪
(rain falling) (thunder rumbling)
DEAN (ECHO): You're insane.
That was not her.
ELLIE (ECHO): Our future death
is hunting us.
CHRYS (ECHO): We were all there.
We all heard that…sound.
(eerie screaming)
REL (ECHO): I started working
weekends at the steel mill
(grinder whirring) steel mill.
CHRYS (ECHO): We all heard
that... sound.
(sinister music)
CHRYS (ECHO): It summoned
all of our deaths.
(distant screams)
(blades slicing)
(sinister music fades)
(crows cawing)
(foreboding music)
(footsteps approaching)
Please don't be too long.
She's taken a bit of a turn.
(heart monitor beeping)
CHRYS: It took our friend.
What does it want?
The Olmec offered souls
to satiate their gods of death.
In Choka has been collecting
them for thousands of years.
But it's not our time.
And we need to stop it.
Death is unstoppable.
Once called. it will not relent.
But there is a way to change its course.
But how? How... how do we change
its course?
Give your death
someone else's life.
What do you mean?
Offer In Choka
a new sacrifice.
When your death is near.
mark another with your blood
and you will be spared.
(ominous music)
REL: (muffled) Mark them
with our blood?
ELLIE: (muffled) No. no.
we can't do that.
(eerie whispering)
IVY: Dying
is not a choice.
IN CHOKA: Chrysanthemum!
It is inevitable.
(heart beating)
But living...
(heart monitor beeping rapidly)
That's up to you.
(heart monitor flatlining)
- I think she was ready.
- Well. I'm not ready.
And she just told us exactly
what we need to know.
No. I veto any solution
that requires murder!
So what? That's it? We just wait to die?
(clock ticking)
(snickers)
I saw her.
My death.
I OD.
With a needle in my arm.
Chrys.
I don't want to use again.
I don't want to hurt people again.
I don't want to hurt myself.
I'd rather die.
Look. I-I'm sorry.
but we are running out of time.
We've all seen our deaths.
And they're coming for us next.
So. we don't have a choice now.
No. Rei. we'll be okay
if we stick together.
Do you really believe that?
(suspenseful music)
Oh. my...
- Rei...
- I just need to think. okay?
(door slams)
(car accelerating)
Rei. stop!
(tires screeching)
CHRYS: I'll call Dean.
(dramatic music)
(phone ringing)
(lid snapping shut)
REPORTER: And we return now to
a local report in Pellington.
to the tragic events of last
night's Harvest Festival.
Just moments ago. paramedics
removed a body from the scene.
At this time. we don't have
a lot of information.
But what we do know is that the
woman is yet to be identified.
The police are asking anyone
who may know her
to come forward.
In the meantime. it is a very
hectic situation
right here on the ground.
Police have completely taped off the area
as they continue their investigation.
We are standing by. and as soon as we...
(broadcast cuts)
(doorknob squeaking)
Mom?
(doorknob continues squeaking)
Dad?
(doorknob clicks open)
Mom. is that you?
Mom?
(silence)
Dad?
(door creaks)
(eerie squelching)
IN CHOKA: (whispering) Dean!
Uh! Uh...
Leave me alone! (Thudding)
DAD: Dean? What the hell
is going on in there?
Dad! No! No! No! Dad!
(door thuds)
Dad. do you see it? (Knocking)
MOM: Is he alright?
DAD: Dean! Open the door.
You're scaring your mother.
DEAN: I-I can't. I can't!
(cabinet rattles) DAD: What's going on?
MOM: Baby. just open the door.
- I can't.
- Dean. open the door!
- It'll get in.
- What are you talking about?
MOM: Dean. come on. honey.
Look. I need you to listen to me. please!
- DAD: Let us in...
- Please...
MOM: Come on. honey. let us in.
(eerie whispering)
(hangers squeaking)
(sinister beat) Aaargh!
- Dean!
- What's going on in there. Dean?
- Come on. honey!
Aaargh!
(truck horn)
(brakes screeching)
(distant crashing)
(glass shattering) Aargh!
(bone snaps) Aaargh!
Aaargh! (Truck horn blares)
Uh! Aaargh!
Aargh! Uh!
- Son!
- Aaargh!
(car revving) (bones snapping)
Aaargh!
DAD: Dean! (Truck horn)
(screaming continues)
(brakes screeching)
(loud crash)
Ugh!
(pulsating dramatic music)
(screams) (body squelches)
(suspenseful music)
Rei?
(hurried footsteps)
Revenger.
Ellie. where is this?
It's the steel mill
on the other side of town.
Shit.
What is it?
Be safe. everyone.
NOAH: Same time next week.
Thank you. Thanks for coming.
(heavy breathing)
(car horn blaring)
(singing) Are you washed
in the blood of the lamb?
Are you fully trusting
in His grace and power?
Don't make this difficult.
Fuck is this?
Guy at the mill sold it to me.
It's loaded.
What are you doing. man?
You have to do what I say. Okay?
Oh. do I?
I bet you don't even know
how to use that thing.
(gunshot)
Fuck!
(tense music)
Now...
(church bell ringing)
Motherfucker!
(grunting)
(thud)
- Aaargh!
- Uh!
Uh!
(Rei coughing)
You're done now. my friend.
(Rei choking)
You are so fucking done.
(pistol clicks)
(Rei gasps)
(laughs)
What's so funny?
You don't get it.
I don't die this way.
Fucking freak.
Hey!
I warned you!
(gun clicks)
Shit. Fuck. Fuck. (Tray clanks)
- Ah!
- Uh!
(flame whooshing)
(intense music)
(pistons hiss)
(grinder hums)
NOAH: What's the point in dragging me
all the way out here?
This is where I'll die.
So it's where you're gonna die.
NOAH: What?
What are you. insane? Huh?
(Noah sighs)
These are what you give them?
Your. uh
young believers?
You want some?
They're all yours.
Go ahead and take 'em.
How many does it take?
One will make you happy.
two will make you fly.
I'll go for three.
Uh! Uh!
Uh!
- Swallow.
- Uh!
(Noah grunting)
Uh!
Swallow.
(Noah gasping)
Ah...
(Noah coughing)
Hey. man. can you please just
tell me what this is about? Huh?
Wait. wait. wait. Wait. wait. Hey... hey.
Jesus Christ!
Hey! Look. let-let's talk about this. man.
(Noah panting)
What is that... thing. huh?
Is that witchcraft. man?
Is that what you're into?
Are you a Satanist?
Hey. look...
(eerie whispering)
REL: Death is close.
(whispering continues)
- I've got to mark you. Noah.
- What?
No. you don't have to mark me. man!
Get that shit away from me!
CHRYS: Rei!
Rei. you don't have to do this!
NOAH: Ellie!
Rei... put the gun down.
- It's not fair.
- Rei. put the gun down.
REL: A murdering scumbag
like him gets to live?
While you or me or Grace dies?
You think that makes any sense at all?
(Rei's words echo for Noah)
- Rei...
- REL: It doesn't make any sense.
- Stop.
- Stay
back.
Please. Jesus. Please. God.
I will be your instrument.
- I seek forgiveness.
- Shut up!
I'm sorry for what I've done.
I sold him my shit!
I didn't mean for him to die.
- You murdered that boy!
- It was an accident.
- You killed him!
- I didn't know. alright?
- I didn't know he was gonna die.
- Shut up!
I'm not a bad person!
I'm washed in the blood! (Rei growls)
Jesus. I'll be the hammer
in your hand. Lord.
So help me God.
just fucking save me now!
(Rei growls. shouts)
CHRYS: Rei. please...
(Rei shouts) CHRYS: Rei. stop!
Don't do it! This is wrong.
Stop. okay? You don't have to do this.
- Please.
- CHRYS: We can fix it.
Please. Rei. please.
Rei?
(distant rumbling)
(Noah gasps)
(Ellie and Chrys gasp)
Thank you. Jesus.
I am marked only by God.
I'm marked only by God.
I'm marked only by God. I'm delivered.
(machinery rumbling)
I guess everyone has to die once.
Say that again?
I said. everyone has to die.
You said 'once'.
CHRYS: That's it.
That's it. that's how we stop this.
How?
(eerie whispering)
Oh. shit.
It's here.
What's here?
(distant moaning)
IN CHOKA: (whispering) Rei.
Uh...
(eerie whispering)
Rei. what's going on? What is it?
- IN CHOKA: (faint whisper) Rei!
- Uh!
Ah! (Gun clatters)
Ah!
(Rei screaming)
(machinery whirring)
CHRYS: No. no!
(Rei. Chrys and Ellie screaming)
CHRYS: Give him back!
(echoing) What the fuck!
(Noah's screams echo)
(Rei. Chrys and Ellie screaming)
(machinery whirring)
(dramatic music)
REL: Chrys...
(rapid heartbeat)
(Rei shouting)
(blade slicing)
(machinery whirring)
(blood spattering)
(Chrys and Ellie screaming)
(sobbing)
It's not your fault.
there's nothing we can do.
Chrys. Chrys. we have to go.
We have to go!
You said there's a way out of this.
(dramatic music fades)
I'm not letting it get you.
(suspenseful music)
So what's the plan?
We summoned death.
and we can't outrun it.
And now we have to die.
That doesn't mean we have to stay dead.
Is this all you've got?
I carry backup insulin for emergencies.
How much do you need?
Enough to stop a heart.
Insulin won't be enough
to trigger a cardiac arrest.
Er
I have an idea.
(scraping)
Bring it all!
(flames roaring)
(water dripping)
(In Choka whispering)
(eerie rattle)
IN CHOKA: (faint whisper)
Chrysanthemum!
(door clanking)
(dramatic music)
(whistle clunks)
(tools clunking)
(dramatic music swells)
(Ellie and Chrys grunting) (bath clanking)
(valve squeaking)
Okay. so. one more time.
I inject you.
Make sure you have no pulse.
no heartbeat. so you're
technically dead.
And then the glucagon
so we don't go hypoglycaemic
when the defibrillator
kick-starts the heart.
(water pouring)
Okay. Um. hand me one of those.
I'll. I'll do you. and you can do me.
I have to make sure you live.
(gasps)
(eerie whispering)
(sinister music)
IN CHOKA: (faint whisper)
Chrysanthemum!
I'm sorry.
CHRYS: (echoing) No...
(echoing) Ellie...
(echoing) Chrys.
ELLIE: I'm sorry...
(gasps)
Ah!
Uh... uh!
(Ellie gasping)
(defibrillator charging)
Glucagon!
(suspenseful music)
(gasping)
Thank you. Lord.
Thank you for saving me.
Thank you... for saving me.
ELLIE: Please work.
(suspenseful music intensifies)
(grunting)
(gasping)
Okay. okay. okay.
(gasping) Okay.
(defibrillator beeps)
Ah!
(distant gasp)
(screaming)
Chrys?
No. Chrys. Come on!
Chrys. no! (Defibrillator beeping)
(music intensifies) Come on...
(Ellie gasping)
Chrys. come on. Come on.
(gasping) (eerie whispering)
(screaming)
(growling)
(door slams)
(flame roaring)
(defibrillator beeping)
(Noah growling)
(Ellie whimpering)
(screaming)
(pipe clinking)
(gasping) Come on... come on!
I can hear you!
(grunting)
Uh!
Aaargh! (Sledgehammer cracks)
(screaming)
(Ellie gasping)
(Noah grunting) (thud)
(gurgling)
(bones cracking)
(grunting)
No. Not yet. not yet.
Not yet. not yet!
(Noah grunting and banging)
Come on. Come on!
Aargh!
(screaming)
(hissing)
IVY (ECHO): Death is unstoppable.
Once called. it will not relent.
(grunting) (door clangs)
(defibrillator beeping)
Ah! Ah!
What kind of Satan shit is this?
Uh...
Uh. uh...
(gunshot) Ah! Uh!
(gunshot)
(Ellie gasping)
Aargh! Uh...
Aargh... uh... uh...
(gurgling)
Uh...
Chrys... no...
Come back to me!
Please!
(eerie gurgling)
Come back to me!
I need you to live!
ECHOES: I need you to live.
ECHOES: I need you to live...
(eerie gurgling)
Chrysanthemum!
ELLIE: Chrysanthemum!
ECHOES: Chrysanthemum!
IVY: Dying...
IVY: Is not a choice.
IVY: It is inevitable.
IVY: But living…
ECHOES: Chrysanthemum...
(screaming)
IVY: That's up to you.
Ellie!
ELLIE: You're Chrysanthemum.
(screaming)
Ellie!
(music intensifies)
(Chrys gasping)
(eerie gargling)
(ominous music)
(Ellie convulsing)
(Noah groaning)
Come on. wake up.
Argh!
- Uh...
- No!
- Ugh.
- You stay away from her!
It's like I told you.
God's got a job for everyone.
I'm just trying to help those in need.
But you
you're beyond redemption.
Whereas I
I am washed in the blood of the lamb.
(breathing heavily)
NOAH: Yeah... yeah.
(grunting continues)
(sinister beat) (whispering) Ellie...
(Ellie convulsing)
(gasping)
May the body of our Lord Jesus
Christ preserve your soul
in the life everlasting.
Amen.
(demonic gargling)
IN CHOKA: Are you fully trusting
in His grace and power...
NOAH: Hey...
The fuck?
(In Choka growling)
(whispering) Noah...
What?
Do you hear me? Stay back!
Ah! (Gunshot)
(gunshots)
Ah!
Uh...
(growling)
(dramatic music) (gasping)
(dramatic music swells)
(roaring)
Aaaaargh!
NOAH: Aaaargh!
Aaaaaaargh!
(thud)
(pensive music)
Hey. Hey...
Stay. stay. stay. Hey.
I'm sorry.
Hell of a first date. huh?
ELLIE: Chrys?
("Final Girl" by CHURCHES)
CHRYS: It's been three months.
two weeks and four days.
I count each and every one of them now.
(ghostly exhale)
CHRYS: I always thought death
was the enemy.
But now I'm not so sure.
No one has forever…
But we do have right now.
I think I can live with that.
♪ And it feels like the weight
is too much to carry ♪
♪ I should quit. maybe go get married ♪
♪ Only time will tell ♪
♪ In the final cut ♪
♪ In the final scene ♪
♪ There's a final girl ♪
♪ Does she look like me? ♪
♪ In the final cut ♪
♪ In the final scene ♪
♪ There's a final girl ♪
♪ And you know that she should
be screaming now ♪
(song fades into eerie rattle)
IN CHOKA: (faint whisper) Asha!
(eerie rattle. whispering intensifies)
(screaming)
("Killers" by Iron Maiden)
♪ Oh. yeah. yeah! ♪
♪ Oh. yeah! ♪
♪ Ooh. look out! ♪
♪ You walk through the subway ♪
♪ His eyes burn a hole in your back ♪
♪ A footstep behind you ♪
♪ he lunges. prepared for attack ♪
♪ Scream for mercy ♪
♪ He laughs as he's watching you bleed ♪
♪ Killer behind you ♪
♪ His blood lust defies all his needs ♪
Good morning. everyone.
As is customary here at Pellington High.
to begin the new semester.
we welcome freshman student.
Asha Nelson.
who will be playing
our school anthem on her violin.
(footsteps approaching) (applause)
(violin clunking)
(Asha clears throat)
(faint whispering)
- Wait. stop!
- Stop!
Stop! Stop!
Stop! (Whistle blowing)
(eerie screaming) (ominous music)
(music fades)
(dramatic closing music)
(mysterious music)
(fast-paced music)
(gentle music)
(ominous theme music)
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm